hello and welcome to a new one
superior career mode new season
is on
last season to our last part
we still have the wm after eight at the end
played we were not missing
We already have a few offers
I thought about it if I had the
transfer request send i will
do the same
we're doing the complete one today
preparation by me not every time
So I'm actually already crazy
but we make it through completely
this will be the preparation
We get as the first transfer offer
but I'm taking off from the barcelona fc
some already have them anyway
wondering a real madrid and weight
it could be easy for bavaria to drop
Not the willow I like
tv screen would see
atlético madrid was already that
But the most lucrative offer is then
gone because I'm the spanish league
not like that
and then I hope, of course
maybe a little bit better at that
offer now over the
current two months is still one
little time until 31 august in game
and we are getting into the game now
into the dead villarreal
they have now ascended
again after the very 2011 dismounted
are and the first gate was there for
Newcastle said I would have the
show gates
over seal current is very very
nice by triple or the same
pushes to 1 0 against villarreal in the
11 minutes
I have now decided to only
Parent preparation finds through
make sure we do not follow two now
That's how we waste the preparation
So just make note today
I believe it is for the follow
preparation and a next week
Unfortunately, the new season is over
It was the next situation for
peres and de guzmán the hat rises high
for the head dueling and kavala pretty
seems bad
I do not only show goals that too
a scene a scene only due
The lucrative third is next
there was again from newcastle
it is almost from the far right todd elik
the summit storm just shoot
on the short corner and then it is
the ball also already sat trainer zach
so that 12 to 16 months give the
equalizer made by head and
it will stay that way, too
we play the preparation game against
villarreal but with 2 to 1 very good
preparation relationship expert game
good start to the new season
perhaps the unconditional cavaliere of
since pure break looked very bad
you can see that now as well
which report does not have the top story
a few nice offers are for
newcastle also apparently pure
but still flies nothing
Concrete is as I am against it
Marseilles
I wanted to try something as
Next will be communicated to us only on
that he should please in private
because of our transfer request against
marcel because I'm a bit out of something
test because then I have only mine
played and wanted to know what
happens if I have a red card
if i get the complete team
I have to play or if I really do
flying right off the pitch right away
Come on
I think I have our little ones
transition made this thinks which one
machines the exhibition so you
flies right from the last place
I'm going to play against Bordeaux
again completely test with the
play himself speaks on the tax that
whole is but then once succeeded
you will see how it is played
is as I said went what I have then
not played correctly
I think that's just that
screenshot of the stadium is dark
because that was like that day but okay
As I said the game I had then
so to speak on the newcastle three to zero
won despite the red card and yes
our transfer request is rejected
it's kind of surprising
because there were already some
well offer for us even very
Concrete our market will have too
really nice and yes as I said in the
i want to play last game against bordeaux
again completely the typical alone
taxes will remain unique
that's why you're only 210 now
Giovinco is said to be away to Newcastle
are very interesting transfer
Maybe it will work out anyway
a very good enrichment than me
is an offer from fc postage to postage
and really cool club but that
problem that is a very interesting
league is because what good is it to us if we
really win every game now because
It hardly any interesting opponents
from maybe braga and benfica and
sporting there and yes these are then
single highlights in the Spanish
league against real or barca compete
have with atletico what has been the best so far
offer is but we are looking now
first in the game against the
French club Rhine
There was the first scene quite completely
very late in the eighth minute you see
her that I circulate relationship as if
there will be no tomorrow
So it was quite boring before
because it's easy
Bad is then came frozen
the ball ob jörg and then shoots
but just with left foot again
not good and gave it is one too
null so that's not so years
If you give it to the players a game that
There is quite an interesting view
then always
So it's not really what
I pretty much think we stay
just keep that complete
team tax what so far synonymous times right
Well arrived nice shot but there was
it before this scene resembles the
is now no gate that goes ever
pretty much you want the ball acceptance
show what was found englich ice looks
it because out of this participation steps
no gate fell is it was already
best scene from these 90 minutes so
It's pretty hard to chance
therefore generate 959 note
so the preparation was right
grow three to zero against marcel
Well, I did not work two goals
in the first game were good and here
would just not tor is not beautiful
but good, I would say
look something now in the week before
so we have a few more to come
interesting offers come newcastle
Maybe this should be in the champions cup com
I speak champions league here
again send a transfer in question
which is in the end then again
Edits what is nonsense
but in the end it will be too
adopted differently than the other
at the beginning of each succession rejected or
next board comes from the sl benfica
lisbon yes again the same problem
like postage and if you decide
had benfica against porto then would
Definitely win postage because they
simply have a better theme of mine
opinion against atletico I have
By the way, do not move me
Spanish league decided but also
because falcao if we have an offer again
from atlético madrid is really a
very good driver but the problem is
they play only with a tip in the
play yourself and fight against falcao
enforce that should be a bit
be very difficult because just still operates
and so stay while at newcastle's
just not a bad club before
everything with the maybe big ones
investment right is indeed synonymous
few interesting transfers to and from
flash through from wolfswinkel
for example, to bring too much
interesting for 11 5 million
the next offer we are the same
to be got is from inter milan there
I really have to
on the left very interesting league in
play it behind yourself is a good one
driver the problem is I sympathize
actually rather the ac milan
However, behind the eyes is butter
society
that is a bit split
I had it a bit
hesitant and thoughtful but I have that
Offer rejected first
after I hesitated it out and
We will play the next game first
went to play fulham on the first day of play
the english premier league though
interest back mother club from madrid
maybe there is still one right
good offer we have to see what
comes first and then if it does
So see you there